docs: embedding renames (#66869)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/full-app-embedding-quick-start-guide.md

The code featured in this guide can be found in our [sample repo](https://github.com/metabase/metabase-nodejs-express-interactive-embedding-sample).

> ## Set up SSO and fullapp embedding in Metabase

Author: ```suggestion
## Set up SSO and full app embedding in Metabase
```
